well in five years. That's kind of curious, because in five years I will
I will have the opportunity to get out of the Navy. Um, and I don't
know right now, if I'm going to stay in or not, there it depends
what kind of opportunities they have. They have available. Um, if I
decided to stay in, then hopefully I will continue my education. Um,
I would love to. I would love to get a PhD and teach at the Naval Academy,
if at all possible. But if that doesn't happen, hopefully I
will be able to get into some work involving what I'm learning right
now, which is a lot of data science and data analysis. I don't particularly
think I'll be flying anymore. Um, I think that part of my career
is over. Uh, but, you know, that's just kind of natural life lifecycle
of naval careers. At some point, you have to realize that you're
not going to be doing what you've been doing for a while in 10
years. I'm I'm pretty sure I'll be out of the Navy and I will have
moved on to a to a second career